Source title: Yelp reviews of Knox College
Source type: Yelp reviews
URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/knox-college-galesburg

Page title:
Yelp reviews of Knox College

Page summary:
Name: Knox College
Location: Galesburg, Illinois

Review text:
Review:
We loved our visit as our son prepares for his college choice. Knox has a wonderful campus, full of historic buildings that have clearly been maintained properly, and the newest buildings blend in well despite their architectural and technological differences. I was similarly impressed with the student-ambassadors and professors who made themselves available, and my very-discerning son came away impressed at the caliber of students and professors alike.

Review:
As a student coming from halfway across the country (the sunny West Coast) to attend college at Knox - I can honestly say that Knox is a worthwhile and incredibly unique place to attend college. The campus itself is small, making it easy to make friends of all ages and backgrounds and make it to and from class on time. The classes offered here are compelling, engaging, and challenging. The faculty and staff are supportive and have consistently pushed me to be the best version of myself as possible inside and outside of the classroom.

Here are some of my favorite things about Knox:

- Ease of getting involved on campus (volunteer opportunities, language and cultural clubs, athletics, performing arts, etc. open to all students)
- Galesburg! The neighboring town of the school is complete with all of the stores a college student might need (Kohls, Wal-Mart, Target), as well as yummy restaurants (Baked Pizza, Landmark Cafe)
- Amtrak: Knox College is an easy five/ten minute walk to an Amtrak station where you can board a train and be in Chicago in a matter of hours
- Community: Knox is a close-knit and diverse community of scholars from across the United States and the world itself. Students come to Knox to learn from esteemed faculty and each other. I value the friendships I have made at Knox, and look forward to an incredible future with them after graduation

Review:
Knox College is a very special and amazing place. I just graduated and I miss it already. The main reason I miss it is the people. Knox College is full of wonderful people. That includes the students, professors, other faculty, coaches, etc. Everywhere you go there is someone you know and there is someone saying hi to you. You always feel welcomed and you always feel at home. Graduation day was one of the most special days of my life. Knox College is a place where people genuinely care and it is the place to be.

Review:
I'll put my two downsides first - I found living in a small town hard. almost painful. And being on such a small campus can make things a bit socially cramped.

But, despite those two things, I'd gotta say I'm a believer. The professors are freaking amazing and they actually care about their students. Plus, having small classes is really nice. The other students tend to be down to earth and not stuck up. In general, I think Knox is actually a lot less cliquey than other, larger schools. It's common for greek and nongreek to mix, athlete and nonathlete, one big happy family.

Yeah. Knox is pretty wonderful.

Review:
This was an awesome education, albeit expensive as hell. However, the professors are awesome, the study abroad programs are awesome and I learned all that I could and felt comfortable in a classroom. This is where I learned to speak up in class; this is where I learned to embrace my love for the Spanish language.

However, there are drawbacks. Tiny college = full of drama. Don't let anyone try to tell you that there isn't. Also, greek vs. non-greek is getting intense. However, it is still possible to enjoy your college experience. I'm down with the place, and I'm proud to have gotten my degree from here.

Review:
Absolutely terrible. This school is overpriced for what it provides you: a mediocre liberal arts education.

- Facilities are horribly outdated, some being masked by "historical value"
- Professors are self-absorbed, or just plain suck
- Don't be fooled by the "diversity" of classes, while there may be many subjects, the number of classes in each of them is pitifully small and limited.
- Some of the classrooms are nice, others are dark, cold and unproductive, kind of like the dorms.
- 90% of the living spaces are old, dark, unkept depressing and sometimes gross.
- Galesburg is THE definition of a rural ghetto.
- Most of the time the food is bland and leaves a bad feeling in your gut. Not to mention the limiting single dining hall.

So, if you don't value your life's savings and then some and you like your education outdated and un-stimulating, go to Knox. Or, save some money and go anywhere else, for that matter.

Review:
I love Knox. Knox Knox Knox. Also, I love Galesburg. Sure, no one has heard of the place, but that didn't stop me form relegating myself to that small portion of the world for 4 years. Like every liberal arts college, Knox has it's fair share of crazy professors and students who seem to have a limited view of the world, but that's pretty limited. I'd say living in Galesburg is about as real as it gets. Lots of issues, but lots of genuinely great people. It's your quintessential midwestern school and city. What a fabulous place to go to school. Everyone really does know your name... though, that can be a little scary too.

Review:
As with all small liberal arts schools, the majority of the students are somewhat sheltered. That said, I would say that the average Knox student is less sheltered than those that attend other liberal arts schools. Definitely less wealthy.

And most of the students are decisively midwestern--although there seemed to be an abundance of students from Seattle and Portland too. As is evident, I am fond of my alma mater. I give it 5 stars.

Review:
Knox makes living in a small, central Illinois town for 4 years worth it. Although it seems like no one's ever heard of it, the last three graduation speakers (Barack Obama, Stephen Colbert, Bill Clinton) attest to the fact that Knox isn't just your average small-town college. Not only did I get a fantastic education that prepared me for the "real word", but I got a college experience that meant something.

My friends and I come back every year for Homecoming, we visit with our coach and his family, and I visit with professors. Even after so many years I feel connected to the community here, and that's something none of my friends who went to U of IL, Northwestern, etc have today.

Review:
I have a love hate relationship with this college. Sometimes I think, "why the hell am I here in this town and small school? I need to get the hell out of here" Other times I think, "Man... I'm glad to be a student here. I have the coolest professors and great opportunities." Overall, I am glad I'm here even though I feel like i'm paying a lot. The education is great and met some awesome people. The experiences this school has provided me has been priceless. I only wish it was closer to Chicago or something.
